What you are currently looking at is
terminal running yetris
which is a tetris copy made by
someone.
At the bottom of the screen
you can see the software I'm using
to record. ffmpeg
which is just a terminal based video
capture/ convertor
You may have noticed this doesn't look
like your standard Windows
that's because this is
GNU\Linux or as some might prefer
to call it...
GNU + Linux
but either is fine.
as long as its not just linux.
Becuase linux is not an operative system,
but instead the kernel of the operative system.
Linux by itself won't be able to run applications
but needs the GNU system to run on top for the
operative system to be complete.
Well enought rambling.
The video is over anyway. So you should not be able to read this.
Have a good day.